from you to send him a card.
And I told John Adams said today that following the idea about his investigations of the
Air Force, he had gotten specific information for us about an Air Force space where there
are a large number of normal sexual.
He said he would trade us that information.
If we would tell him what the next Army project was, we would investigate.
Yes sir.
End of full.
That's right.
Is that statement true or is it false?
That's true.
Is it statement that you made on Meet the Fest on March 14th in answer to a question
by Jack Bell that you never used by a operative language in your dealing with the Army true
or false?
Similar, I think I've given the best answer to that I can before the committee.
In my opinion, I never used by a operative or a sane language to Mr. Adams or anyone
else.
I did sir.
I am sure as I guess every other human being does at some time or another, used a word or
a two which he would not want to repeat on television.
There was nothing that would shock anybody.
Sure.
Well, I'm inspired.
Before some of the plot of against his questioning, let's return to our studios across the country.
The Duma television network is bringing to you through its facilities the Army McCarthy
Subcommittee hearings.
Tonight, class television.
This is the Duma television network.
Let me do that.
This is WADD, Channel 5.
Serve as you know you can count on public affairs.
I think through the county tonight.
Sorry, by homophobic.
I'm further instead no SB and I.
Period.
At least that's the way the first few paragraphs of the story went.
No.
Did Mr. Stevens give all they prepared a press statement or was this a new conference
where he was responding to questions?
This service at a new conference of which he was responding to questions.
Do you have any files?
I copy of that press.
Notice that you have made reference.
I think so, sir.
I saw it a couple of weeks ago.
Great.
I'm asking this question is on page 22 of Mr. Stevens statement.
He states that he is at the top of the page.
Paul reports was statement by me at a press conference on November 13.
To the effect that I was not then aware of any current espionage at Fort Monk.
Yes, sir.
I'm with you, sir.
No.
I'm asking if that statement is correct.
If that was the contact of the press conference.
No, sir.
It went further than that.
Would you, if you have a photo status that press release, you would read the pertinent or portion that would.
Yes, sir.
The headline says, Army says McCarthy uncovered no spine in my memory.
Several of the headline.
Yes, sir.
That's the headline.
Several of 33 suspects put back in jobs by Homer Figaro.
Washington, November 13th.
Army Secretary Robert Stevens said today that the investigation conducted by Senator Joseph Armacardi, Republican Wisconsin, into a left-spying activity to the Army signal for a center at Fort Monk's in Jersey, has produced no evidence of espionage.
Well, do they have any of that info?
No, sir.
It's not info.
But I assume that the reporter was trying to give an accurate account of what the Secretary said, although the Secretary said the reporter had not taken the account.
Order the talk.
We'll get down to front so I can see.
We'll see that they're going.
On that point, sir, it's just as no espionage.
As a time, was there a current espionage at Fort Monk's?
That is a thing which is very difficult to tell.
A senator McCarthy had said what I had said and what Mrs. Stevens knew is that the majority of members of the Julius Rosenberg's firing had infiltrated the Army signal corps and had gone to work, I think,
and some five or six of them physically had Fort Monk.
We know, sir, that they're protégés, they're friends, they're associates, people for whom they have gotten jobs, that continue to work up at Fort Monk's down to the years that some who had moved away had not moved far away, but had known that a Fort Monk was physically in the places where Fort Monk's let out of his subcontracting classified work.
So it was just about the same work being done in a different building, a number of miles away.
So you can't say, well, a certainty that espionage was current at Fort Monk's, I can't say one way or the other, whether it was espionage in today, or was then going on at Fort Monk.
I can't say, under all circumstances, that members of the most dangerous firing known to the history of this country had worked at Fort Monk's and its subsidiaries, that some of their friends and associates for whom they had gotten jobs continued to work there,
and that through the time this committee began its investigation, that in the case of one of their associates, that man has taken sacked him in front of the secret radar laboratory without authorization that they had been found in a rage and a bureau draw of his home, that the department of justice had an espionage case under consideration concerning this individual who was working at Monk when our investigation was underway,
I can further say this in a product that a number of people connected with the signal to our who had worked at Monk's, who had left it and who have been working either in private industry or at places doing works for Fort Monk's, claim the fifth amendment,
and excuse the interest on the grounds of self-incrimination, as to whether or not there was, current espionage at Fort Monk, that at least one of those people had been in communication with Fort Monk's people, with people and other secret defense installations,
so that's about the first picture of it, I can humanly give you a sentence, and it would be a dead situation.
Mr. Chair, I have a parliamentary inquiry, and we're just be taking on it. In the get-on, I would like to know, or ask of a chair, one of the incident related to by Mr. Colm, was in connection with the current activities at Fort Monk, or did a relation to an incident that took place in 1945, which incident?
Well, you saw about the papers being taken home, about their regular incidents, so it took place in 1946, in addition to that, sir, there were other incidents involving the removal of papers at the direction of the same individual, which had taken place at another period of time.
I don't know the exact years I do know, but the Department of Justice a year or two ago, I believe, had the matter under active consideration as an espionage case.
Mr. Chair, when I have a high regard for my good friends watching, I know that I have appreciated it, if they wouldn't steal my questions.
Well, I saw that, no, Mr. Chair, we'll have to say, it was not in the nature of a parliamentary inquiry, because it's something obvious, and the chair is not prepared to build upon it, and it's believed that we should not, under the guise of a parliamentary inquiry, ask questions that happen to one's mind.
We all have that presentation. I go, no, no, no, it was a car, it was a inquiry.
And send the file.
Yes, I understand, yes, you're...
You want to order?
Excuse me, Mr. Mitchel, Mr. Mitchel, sir, I assume we have a warrant.
Yes, sir.
It will come out of your time.
It will come out of my time. I'm sorry, Senator, I can't be in no place with this.
I can't. I can't.
I'm not coming out of the time since Senator Potter has the authority to give me one minute of each time.
I speak, I speak so seldom here that I thoroughly enjoy the couple of minutes that I have.
Senator Hunter has the authority.
Mr. Cohn, yes.
As I understand your testimony, that the...
The doubt is to whether a sonar can take a place, well, they can't.
No, rather than they... something happened a few years ago.
Oh, yeah, that correct. Yes, so we had a picture with her.
We knew for a fact that food and convicted spies had worked at Fort Larnmouth.
We knew, sir, that they're friends, some of their friends in the sociologist was still there.
We knew that papers have been taken, and we have the further information that some 34 or 35 people were suspended at security risk,
which means that they were grounds to believe that they would engage or they might engage in activities such as this.
There was another situation, sir, to put everybody on the phrase notice.
Now, Mr. Cohn, the news report of the Secretary's press conference called the adults and send him across the...
...a certain amount of concern.
It's as though that Secretary Seaman came to New York to discuss the with you.
Yes, now as a result of that meeting with yourself and Senator McCarthy was a secretary.
Hey, joint statements were issued. Is that correct?
I think it was a statement by Mr. Cohn.
Yes, sir. Now, how did his second statement differ from...
...a regional press conference statement?
Well, I think he tried in the second statement to correct some inaccuracies.
Would you ask for a uniform?
Well, I believe my recollection and I'll have that reinforce by a news article in a moment, sir.
Is that Mr. Cohn made it very clear that he had not said or had not meant to say that there had not been SB and I just mornment,
because he knew there had been SB and I just mornment.
But the how far along it has continued, whether it has continued, after the war of 50-51, 52-53, he and nobody else could say exactly.
But there had been SB and I and there was certainly a possibility, a strong possibility, that it had continued well after the war.
Now, in the secondary statement that is submitted to the committee, these statements were followed.
There was boil down, and when he was speaking about his release that was made in New York,
there were boil down from my say that the army had no evidence of current SNR.
And in making that statement, I made it clear that I was speaking only for the army and not for the committee.
Now, is that a true statement or not?
It's inaccurate, sir. He went further than that. He took practice, no SB and I statement, and said that there had been SB and I, as a fact,
he knew that as a fact that it has, I believe, sir, continued down after the war.
I'm looking for the story by Bill Conflin of the New York Times.
If you can find out that you don't have a copy of his first release,
was that a release or was that a front conference?
That was a front conference. It was reported in the New York Times, the article was by Bill Conflin,
who did a great job covering the hit trial and other trials for the time.
I hope this does not get him fired.
It was an accurate article, sir, and reflected what I heard the secretary say on that occasion.
For your...
The New York Times of November 18, 1953.
If it is available, I'd like to have you point out to me.
How that statement differs from the statements of the secretary submitted to the committee.
I remember this. I gave one copy of the article to Mr. Jenkins.
One point, sir. I don't know what the hits say at all, or not.
Rather than to use the time for this purpose,
it's possibly used to go that up, or something, to secure that.
The chair's there.
But now it does not have a beginning for this, adding copy of that article for your library.
And we can do the lunch hour and be available right after lunch.
I'd like to jump.
Mr. Good.
I'm going to present a part of Mississippi's fifth day that what he said in his question,
what in what he said in his press conference, he, of course, was referring only to what he knew from the Army standpoint.
And possibly, they have not uncovered what the committee has.
But I believe, sir, he went on to say that there has been a statement that had continued well after the end of the Second World War.
Yes, sir. I'm inspired. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Mr. Chairman, I was going to pass an effort to expedite the hearings of council.
But after the hearing yesterday, I asked my office to get from the Department of Defense,
the way that security risks are handled by the Department of Defense.
And so that the American people might understand this problem perhaps a little better,
I would like to use my time in reading an answer that I have just received and how to chance to go over.
During the course of yesterday's hearing, the impression might have been created,
but the Department is powerless to protect itself from communism, a list communist, or security risks,
working in private industry on classified defense contracts. Such an impression is erroneous.
Responsibility for granting clearance to employees in private industry to work on classified defense contracts,
rests with the military department, which has cognizance of the industrial facility in question.
For example, if the original contract is procurement by the Army,
what is known as security cognizance may be assigned to the Army,
and in that event, Army security offices are responsible for security at the plant in question.
If the original contract is a Navy one, the Navy would usually be assigned security cognizance for the industrial plant in question.
Once a security clearance is granted to the officers and executives of an industrial plant,
the management of that plant has delegated authority to grant to which employees clearance to work on contracts classified confidential.
Clarence to work on contracts classified secret or top secret, however, can only be granted by the security officers of the Army, Navy, or Air Force.
The force clearance is granted, and investigation of the individual is conducted,
with the extent of the investigation, depending upon the type of clearance being sought.
For example, if the clearance is sought to work on secret contracts,
then a so-called national agency check must be made.
This means that the military department's concerns will check the such agencies as the FBI,
the House Committee on Un-American Activities, the Civil Service Commission, and other agencies,
to determine whether any of those agencies has the raw-gatherery information on the individual for whom the secret clearance is being sought.
Despite the delegation of authority to the management of an industrial facility to extend a confidential clearance,
the Oliver Responsibility for the continuation of such clearance rests with the military department's concerns.
An industrial personnel security clearance is ordinarily revoked only upon the authority of the appropriate regional industrial personnel security boards,
comprise of Army, Navy, and Air Force military and civilian personnel.
However, in an emergency, the military department's concerns can always summerily suspend a clearance independently and thus protect the security interests of the United States.
This authority is specifically provided for in Section 42, period 39 of the armed forces industrial security regulations.
Such authority has been exercised in the past.
For example, let us assume that employee John Jones is working in a privately-owned factory on a defense contract which is classified confidential, secret, or top secret.
If a congressional committee were to give the Department of Defense information indicating that John Jones had a communist background or was otherwise a security risk,
the defense department for immediately order that the security clearance of John Jones be suspended and thus require his employer to take him off the defense contract at once.
Thus, although the defense department cannot require an employer to discharge an employee who is a security risk, the department can compel the employer to bar that employee from contact with classified defense contracts and materials.
The important thing is that the defense department is able to bar security risks from contacts with classified information as pointed out above that the department does have that authority and it does use it.
Now the law power graph, the Section 42.39 armed forces industrial security regulations, 18 federal registruses, paid 6538 October 14, 1953, reaches power.
A personnel security clearance ordinarily is revoked only upon the authority of the appropriate regional industrial personnel security board.
However, in an emergency, the military department concerned may suspend the clearance. An emergency is defined as any situation in which failure to act until the above authorization has been obtained presents a serious threat to the security interests of the United States.
When information develops which indicates that a personnel security clearance to be revoked, the military department concerned will submit copy of full reports with appropriate recommendations to the appropriate regional industrial personnel security board with information copies to the central index file on the other two military departments.
In the event a military department suspend the personnel security clearance for emergency reasons, it will immediately notify the individual concern management of the facility which was granted the letter of consent for the subject individual, the central index file, as well as other interested military departments.
A full report of the case will be made promptly for the appropriate regional industrial personnel security board which will assume jurisdiction of the case and determine whether the suspended individual personnel security clearance should remain in effect or should be revoked.
I believe that it was wise to put that into the record, Mrs. Chairman, in order to cloudify the assure which came up yesterday and I now yield the rest of my time.
May I be permitted in the form of an answer to make a brief comment on that?
For Mrs. Mr. Cohen, I would be glad to have you make an answer but I didn't read it, requesting an answer.
It is simply the information with respect to how the Department of Defense now that's our Army Navy Air Force and Marine Corps to the best of their ability to fly the handles to vertus all over the United States in defense plan.
And if you would like to make an answer to it, I wish you'd answer to the Department of Defense.
I wish you'd question the statements that have been made here by the Department.
I do, sir.
You question these statements?
Yes, sir.
Well, then I would wish that you to give me that because I'd like to take that up with Mr. Wilson and the Department of Defense in the Department of the Surrey, sir.
I write out that it's been nearly 10 years now since I've been in private business and therefore your disagreement with the Department may well be correct.
But this is what I felt was the fantasy the way it was handled when I wasn't private business.
And apparently there have been very few changes in the way it is handled now.
Senator Simon, sorry, I appreciate you giving me the opportunity to comment on it.
I might say Senator, that my knowledge of this is, I'm sure not as great as yours, that it's based on practical experience.
Within the last six months on just how these cases are handled by private industry.
So, everything that my limited experience and that is based, however, on practical experience of this committee and its theft and handling these very cases of communist indifference plans during the past six months.
Now, obviously, that on where, to me, I asked his question, is that on classified material poster?
Well, on classified material, that you probably notified the Department of Defense because under this emergency provision, they could have immediately suspended them.
Yes, sir. I would say that at every stage in the game, a Department of Defense representative with either present or welcome to be present.
When you got the information, did you notify the Department of Defense that there were communist or subversives who were working on classified information?
Yes, sir. I can't say that at every point that was just before the hearing.
Well, sir, I'm trying to tell you what happened. I can't tell you, sir, at every point some information came in, we called up the Department of Defense.
We would first try to check out the information, not that out usually, so we would be told that the Department of Defense already knew about it and had not done anything about it.
However, inside of that, sir, we would notify, and our staff consulted frequently with appropriate representatives of the Department of Defense on these names and on these behalf.
Let me make my point. I am not differing with you on it. I'm only as anxious as I believe you are. If they are as of this morning, any communist, in 133 groups working on classified material for our government, that they ought to be gotten out of that position right away.
If you have not given that information, which presumably you would give, as soon as you had it, was honest of whether it was before hearing or during hearing or after a hearing, I would urge that immediately you do give the information to the Department of Defense because based on these regulations, it would be possible for them to immediately get rid of these people.
I did not, I did not, I did not, I did not. May I gladly yield the sender?
Could you yield the mail?
Send the family. Sorry, I can call on the answer to the question if you can, if the family is fine.
I would like to send them across the island.
I would like to ask some information on the matter.
Just a matter of matter. Is there a rule in the border?
I think the minister would like to share one for this information.
The minister has recognized Mr. Cohen to answer the question if he is entitled early.
I would very much like to answer the question because I think I can't point out the sender at the time.
Where the senter was from, I have caught.
With him, I should have the, of course, maybe this information.
Of course I will say.
The minister has recognized the witness. He is not in position the year of the recognition of McCarthy.
His appropriate time is, Mr. Chairman, I think.
The witness he is now in the great answer to the hearing.
I give my time to answer. Is that an McCarthy?
Very gladly.
I was on the phone with the committee.
I appreciate the fact that I finally came.
Last night, the committee voted for the advice of me to give the defense department information about the communist and the Trump plan.
The communists were there as of this moment.
While I felt that was a useless gesture because I knew they had all the information.
Nevertheless, I complied with the request of the committee.
I had my office staff told me, kind of gone last night,
and at some, they wouldn't send the man over to get this information.
I was just called to the room now and was informed that as of this moment,
they have not yet decided whether or not they will accept that information.
I totally, kind of, got into the available.
I will take my entire new and hour off to give it to them, explaining the significance of the various things of information.
However, I did tell them that I wanted this done with an official report or press.
So that sometimes in the future there could be no question about just what information they got.
Number one, number two, and I may say I didn't talk to them personally.
My secretary did.
Number two, they were informed that they would want the assurance that they would abide by the committee rules.
Namely, they would not make public the names of anyone with accused of being a communist until he or she had an opportunity to appear under oath,
either before this committee or before some while he bore.
As of this moment that I guess I'm on the 12 o'clock,
if I haven't decided further enough that they want that information,
I will come over and get them.
I give that to Senator Femmeington, the view of the fact he's been urging that we turn this information over to the...
I mean, I say the message to the Senator.
I think maybe the reason that they are in doubt is probably once or not,
is because they know they've got all this and their files right now.
But would you send a yield for just a minute?
Yes, the certain max.
Could I ask you who it was in the Pentagon was not sure they'd like to have the information?
I don't know who was making the decision over there.
Well, give it to your secretary, talk to him.
My secretary talked to Mr. Fred Sinton,
and asked him to pass on the information here as I believe he is on between the Congress on the Pentagon.
When I say it, I hope this is not considered as any reflection on Mr. Sinton.
I served with Senator Sinton in the Senate on time of the highest regard for him.
I know he is not making the decision.
Could I ask one more question?
Certainly.
Mr. Sinton, the one that told you of Secretary, he wasn't sure whether or not he would have the name of the possible communist in the problem of defense.
He told the American said that they had not yet decided other announced they would send the man over to get the information from the disnoons.
I told him to say he couldn't make the decision before noon.
If they could make it before the night's good, tomorrow noon, the next night, whenever they made the decision, they could have the information.
I said it.
Before the senator begins his crushing, let's return to our studio across the country to permit on.
I have a question.
By asking your opinion, this supplement is just continuous investigation with some persons who support Mama.
Yes, sir.
You reiterate that.
As your staff made any preliminary survey for investigations and other military installations, yes, sir.
As you are commenting, Mr. Sinton, are conditions of the other installation?
Yes, sir.
As you are in front of the secretary of the defense, are other officials in the Department of the Army concerning your disclosures in other places?
Now what has been the response?
I don't know if the determination has been in each case, sir.
We have been out of touch with Mr. Sinton, Mr. Adams, for some very long time.
In how many other plans or installations have you made these surveys?
There are a number of other situations which we discussed with Mr. Adams involving possible communist infiltration in the Army.
Are you planning through this subcommittee staff to expand the operations in exposing these subversives and security risks in the other installation?
Last but not least, subject to the direction of the committee will go back to where we were.
You are not.
Do you realize that the implications of your statements must be disturbing to millions of Americans who recognize the sinister menace of espionage and sabotage within these installations?
Sir, I'm not saying that I know if espionage and sabotage I am saying that I know if the spirit has developed certain information concerning disturbing situations in that people with records of communist affiliation and communist activity,
and in some cases do hold positions with the Army in one capacity for another.
If it is your opinion, Mr. Cohen, that it is necessary for the US staff and the subcommittee to continue a vigorous investigation of subversives that support Mamma.
Are you implying also that it will be necessary for the subcommittee to undertake comparable investigations and other installations if we are to expose and root out these subversives?
Yes, I believe that there is so a good deal of work to be done.
Do you have any lack of confidence in the Secretary of the Army?
The various officers and officials of the Army in getting an exposure of these subversives?
Sir, I am sure that the 99.99 percent of the people in the Army are concerned with it in any way as great and loyal Americans.
Very unfortunately the Communist Party has selected the Army as one of its objects for an infiltration campaign and it has succeeded in a small measure.
Even that small measure is very disturbing and I believe so that the Army needs and should welcome as much assistance as it can get from this and other committee.
I have sent a direction point about yesterday with the use of the subpoena power which the Army does not have in rooting out the subversives.
I am subject to the direction of this committee I stand ready to give that assistance.
Mr. Cohen, you realize with a limited staff personnel it would take months, if not years to accomplish this work in all of these installations and in the meantime facing these uncertain world conditions involving the possibility of involvement in war that is a disturbing situation which should no longer be tolerated?
Yes sir.
Can you explain, irrationalize any alleged reluctance on the parts of the Department of the Army as to vigorously undertake this exposure of subversives?
Well, sir, I don't say that they are not now doing the effect to undertake it.
I do say sir that there has been a infiltration that does exist to a degree.
Certainly, there is no doubt about that. I do say sir that there are some people over there as just about every place else I suppose.